Update Falcon role and Collection (#21)
CrowdStrike/ansible_collection_falcon: README.md

# Ansible Collection - crowdstrike.falcon

> This collection is focused on downloading and installing the CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor.
> It can also uninstall the Falcon Sensor. Other enhancements are possible in the future
> to add more functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This collection is focused on downloading, installing, and removing, CrowdStrike's Falcon sensor on Linux platforms. Windows and OSX coming soon.
```

# Installation

To install the collection from Ansible Galaxy:

```
ansible-galaxy collection install crowdstrike.falcon
```

> # Contributing

Reviewer: Can we also give an example of how to use the role after downloading?

Author: @shawndwells done
